EXPRESSING AND UNDERSTANDING EVERYTHING IN WAVEFORM

A.	Don't commit to perfection.  It can never be reached.  Commit to mastery, commit to learning and changing.

B.	You and everything around is 99% space.  What is between the grains of sand or atoms?  
These ideas and things exist in waveform.  Its not small grains of sand or atoms/subatomics, it exists in waveform. 
We construct it into this particle form to conceptualize the universe in a way we can better understand.  Everything
exists in waveform just as it is in subatomic scale.  Thats why we can say theree is no defineable edges.  Everything is
intermingling with everything else.  its the notion that we are all sharing a certain percentage of each other.  Your
ass with your seat, your consciousness with others, its purely this waveform expression.

C.	Thnk of a child crying and the mother lactating.  There is no descerneable temporal value.  
It happens simulataneously instantly.  Bring this to remote viewing.  its not a matter of going here to there to find 
something,  your already there due to the wave form understanding.  OMNIPRESCENCE  EXISTENCE IN A NON-LOCAL DOMAIN

D.	HOLOGRAPHIC MATRIX FIELD
First we understood that the universe is this infinite endless space, that we and everything else were and are created 
from it.The impossibility of wrapping your mind around the inifinite is a given.  Once humanity gained the reliable 
ability to accurately gauge the speed at which the universe expands were in turn gained the ability to reverse engineer 
mathamatically the creation and growth of universe.  This leads us to bleieve that the universe may be FINITE.  

If it is finite, and a contained body of knowledge then it has a "body" which is the holographic matrix field. 
The Matrix Field is inifite in nature.  While the universe may be finite, the contents and connectivitiy of the
universes contents both macro and micro are essentially INFINITE.

Imagine throwing a stone into a pool of water, then image 20.  Watching the waves as they move from whichever edge, eventually, 
quickly, the waves coalese and rebound and create new waves, and you anywhere in the pool are 
quickly given access to each and every "echo" or "rebound" of every single wave created no matter when or where in the pool.

If we froze that pool, shattered it and picked up a single piece.  That one peice contains the waveform of 
each and every echo or rebound.  Imagine then taking a flash light and 
shining it through the piece of frozen water, containin the waveforms.  The light would depict a hologram of each and 
every waveform created from each and every wave created, from a stone, 
or from waves hitting waves, waves hitting you, the walls of the pool, EVERYTHING. 


F.    You'll never be 100% accuate.  Take for example Ziph's Law, taking 25 sentences, the raw materials from those
would create the information needed to make about 25 x 10 to the 20th more sentences, so understanding that and the 
idea of the holographic matrix field, understand that no ONE viewer can ever be 100% accurate.  Its not a standalone endeavor
its one more collector in a group or program providing peices of information to be correlated with other peices of info
gathered in other ways to find patterns and relateable data to come to an educated result.  

G.     4 principle and 2 non principle perception modalities. 
Principle:  
digital            
visual              
tactile
auditory

non-principle:
olifactory
gustatory

H.    Targets
Targets have to be very carefully chosen not arbitrarily chosen.  Picking up on the asthetic and emotional aspects of the 
target will happen so take this into consideration of target selection.  If you view a person being tortured or executed
the emotion and asthetic will leech into the viewer BUT you are omniprescent, its not your right or responsibility to bring
the negative back with you.  should that happen take a step back and breath, detattch yourself from the target and let it go.

I.    Signal Line  & Coordinate Theory
Assigning a coordinate and relivant data to a single target.  This allows a single data point to be "homed" 
in on from the soup and endless pit of data or energy.  If you have access to everything now and in the past and future,
the possibilies are literally infinite, signal line is the idea that assigning sets of ID data to a single target so that
it can be identified from this huge pool of possibility.  Assigning random coordinates to a target is COORDINATE THEORY.

J.    Experience "Rolodex"
Your experience rolodex is the memeory stream of every conversation, every memory, every place, face, ect. You have
ever experiecned.  As we know factually the human biological brain has the memory equivalent of 2 PentaBytes of data,
this is a consciously INFIINTE amount of information.  From brain research we KNOW the brain contains a stream of 
everything you have ever experienced.  The experience rolodex is the unconscious access to the whole of the this stream.
Its there, all of it, and we know this so developing the access to your rolodex is exremely important to understand
how to master this ability.



